The Harlot of Jerusalem, as sung by the Barroom Quartet.
In ancient days there was a maid who always did a roaring trade.
A prostitute of ill-refute, the harlot of Jerusalem.
Hi, hi, Kapuzalum, Kapuzalum, Kapuzalum.
Hi, hi, Kapuzalum, the harlot of Jerusalem.
Close by there lived a bimbo tall, who with his dong could move a wall.
And he had been in almost all the cunts of old Jerusalem.
Hi, hi, Kapuzalum, Kapuzalum, Kapuzalum.
Hi, hi, Kapuzalum, the harlot of Jerusalem.
She took him down beside the brook, and there she helped uncall his hook.
Till forty yards it quaked and shook through almost all Jerusalem.
Hi, hi, Kapuzalum, Kapuzalum, Kapuzalum.
Hi, hi, Kapuzalum, the harlot of Jerusalem.
The son of a gun, he had his fun, and spitting like a Lewis gun, he sowed the seeds of many a son in the bowels of Kapuzalum.
Hi, hi, Kapuzalum, Kapuzalum, Kapuzalum.
Hi, hi, Kapuzalum, the harlot of Jerusalem.
The dirty bitch was under slung.
He missed the hole and hit the bun and buried up his bloody gun in the asshole of Kapuzalum.
Hi, hi, Kapuzalum, Kapuzalum, Kapuzalum.
Hi, hi, Kapuzalum, the harlot of Jerusalem.
Kapuzalum, she knew her part.
She held her breath and let her fart.
And blew him like a dirty dart over the walls of Jerusalem.
Hi, hi, Jerusalem, Kapuzalum, Kapuzalum.
Hi, hi, Kapuzalum, the harlot of Jerusalem.